c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.pdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.apk
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.xml
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\ar\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\cs\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\da\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\de\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\es\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\et\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\fi\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\fr\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\he\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\it\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\ja\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\ko\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\lt\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\lv\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\nb-NO\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\nl\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\no\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\pl\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\pt-PT\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\ro\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\ru\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\sv\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Esri.ArcGISRuntime.resources.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.dll
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.pdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\testNativeShared.Droid.apk
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\testNativeShared.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\popup.xml
C:\Users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\obj\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\orossini\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testNativeShared\testNativeShared\testNativeShared.Droid\bin\Debug\testNativeShared.Droid.dll.mdb
